hey guys what's going on today we're
going to do an overview on the Kershaw
pak-rat it is a discontinued model but I
was lucky enough to pick up one on the
forms anyway let's get some specs all
the way I've got a 13 c 28 n stanbic
stainless steel blade it's got orange
g10 textured handles torque screw
construction so you can take it apart
blade is three and a fourth inches it is
a liner lock fifty percent salat right
there and closed up it's for underneath
and it is speed assistant I've been
carrying this knife a lot to break it in
and I'm really I'm really digging its
features I love how it fills in hand
your fingers just formed like a perfect
glove around it is just like a perfect
glove when you are holding it this a
blade with this big old belly with that
up sweep like it's monster cutting him
it's this thing came razor sharp one of
the sharpest knives I've ever got from
the factory that's from all brands this
Kershaw came I mean we're talking beyond
razor sharp sharp and this tip is wicked
I've never had a knife with such a
plenty sharp tip the tip on this knife
is totally wicked it is way out there
you can see it's got the solid steel
liners well maybe they are all no no I'm
like half I can't see how long half
blind so ever look me for that one but
you can open it with the thumb studs but
it's not as quick I prefer to use the
flipper that just makes it fly out razor
fast razor fast where in the world that
come from lightning fast maybe because
I'm thinking about how short blade is
the other night us
going like this on my pillow not
thinking about it cutting through and
the tip you notice I told you how
shortened point is it went right through
the pillow and I mean just gashed a big
old hold my pillow that was like swift
move exlax but I mean this is
discontinued and still get the black
model on ebay the orange one is the one
that's hard to find but I didn't want
the black one I won the orange one so I
wait it kept watching the forms and so
on and so forth and well I got it you
can see it's got your tip up tip down
pocket clip I prefer mine tip up the
pocket clip brutally stinks I do not
like it is hard to get in and out of
pocket and when I finally do get it in
my pocket it's hard to get it back out
it's pics so I'm not digging that pocket
clip at all and at least such a piece
hanging out of your pocket it's you know
like Here I am you can see me for sure
but besides that the egos or organ all
makes or however you want to say it
they're the perfect on my opinion it
just it fits perfectly in your hand and
I mean this is a shortest knife I've
ever got from the factory but I'm it's
it's really good for the money I paid
$39 shipped for this from the forum
brand new in the box the guy that I
bought enough of I think he still has
one or two of them if anybody's
interested just message mean i'll give
you a link now remember this video is
being done februari the eighth of 2011
so don't message me three years from now
and want to know where you can buy one
so i won't be able to tell you but if
you see this video and you want one like
now i can show you a link where you can
buy one anyway just a quick overview I
believe it's a real good knife for the
money you can get the black anytime but
I dig it real good night for the money
thank
for watching thanks for all the
subscriptions he all take care I'll see
in my next video